Hey Mo Qing
What did you two do that night?
Tell the truth
I can handle it.
Wang Defa, are you finished?
This sentence has been asked from last night to today
How many times have I told you that I didn't do it or not?
Can you fucking hide this from me?
Ah!
I can't hear your voice.
How many years have I been listening to it?
Tell me the truth
I can handle it.
Wang Defa Wang Defa
I'll tell you what.
What did I do?
I just found out what you know
Fage
Brother Tao has a big manager over there
Hey, what's the matter with you, brother?
I was crazy just now
mad
Don't bother, I see that the helmet is recruiting workers.
Let the mall move out and take a look
Ready to send
Damn I don't want anything now
Just two words to make money